Today, for our customers through our original technologies and ideas. radios for the army, but he soon began pursuing originality and our motorcycle business has grown into the most chosen brand Needless to say, in order to come up with solutions to complex took on the challenge of developing his own engine. This led to by customers around the world. I believe this success was the challenges, it is important to co-create new value with many the launch of Honda’s first product, the Honda A-type auxiliary result of relentless research, efforts and challenges taken on by partners who have expertise Honda does not possess, and we are bicycle engine, which achieved remarkable success. many passionate associates who joined Honda while being currently strengthening our collaborative initiatives. Nevertheless, Amid fierce competition against other motorcycle OEMs with resonated with the founder’s dream. we believe that such collaboration is unlikely to succeed unless greater capital and scale, Honda embraced an ambitious dream As this history tells us, Honda is a group of individuals who we have a solid base with our own original technologies and ideas. from the very beginning—to become the world’s number one truly believe in the power we gain from our dreams. At Honda, we From this perspective, having a corporate culture that motorcycle OEM. Just five years after its founding, Honda declared believe that “The Power of Dreams” is more important than continuously nurtures original technologies and ideas is essential. Honda Report 2025 2 Priority Issues and Financial and Value Creation Story Materiality Business Strategies Efforts Toward the Future Digital Strategies Governance Related Data CEO Message Honda has a diverse range of talented associates who share the became widely concerned with automobile safety, Honda the core of our strategy. Specifically, we will work to 1) further same strong desire to further advance mobility products and persistently pursued research on airbags. This included enhance the competitiveness of our EV and HEV models with the services to make society a better place. Such associates are developing the first driver-side SRS airbag system installed in any core focus on application of intelligent technologies and passionately taking on continuous challenges to create new value Japan-built automobile product and the first upward-deploying 2) strengthen our business foundation through a reassessment of for our customers while embodying a unique Honda culture, front passenger airbag and openly shared the technology. This the powertrain portfolio. represented by Waigaya (Y-gaya), to delve deeper into the very significantly contributed to the subsequent widespread adoption Intelligent technologies will enable a dramatic expansion of essence of things. This involves engaging in ongoing exchanges of of airbags. the potential of mobility products and services. In this increasingly opinions based on their respective competencies and unique Our sincere commitment to addressing environmental and competitive business environment, creation of new value for the individual qualities. This corporate culture we have inherited since safety issues will remain steadfast. Honda is currently working customer through the enhanced application of intelligent the founding will continue to be a precious asset for Honda, and toward two 2050 targets: 1) to realize carbon neutrality for all technologies will become a crucial factor in differentiating we are committed to cherishing it forever.