products and corporate activities Honda is involved in and 2) to ourselves from our competitors. Based on this belief, we will put achieve zero fatalities worldwide from traffic collisions involving primary focus on adopting our independently developed next- Honda motorcycles and automobiles. We are aware that we have generation Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) not only set very ambitious targets and we will face a number of difficult to EVs but also to increasingly popular HEVs, starting around challenges to achieve them. However, as long as Honda aspires to 2027. By doing so, we will leverage the scale of sales to achieve contribute to society as a mobility company, we absolutely must both high competitiveness and low cost, and strive to offer a high address these societal issues. value-added “joy of mobility” for our customers. Honda has long been at the forefront of the times in striving Along with this strategy realignment, we have reassessed our to establish environmental and safety technologies and in resource investments, including the postponement of the project promoting safe driving/riding around the world. Moving forward, to establish a comprehensive EV value chain in Canada. The we believe it is important to elevate these initiatives from Honda global EV sales ratio in 2030 is now expected to be 20%, independent efforts of Honda to the collective efforts of society as lower than the previously announced target of 30%. Unless someone sets forth a vision and takes action Nevertheless, Honda will remain fully committed to its initiatives toward the future, nothing will begin and nothing will change. to offer the “joy and freedom of mobility” in a sustainable manner Mission of Honda as a Comprehensive Mobility Honda will strive to offer the “joy and freedom of mobility” in a without changing the goal to achieve carbon neutrality and zero Company sustainable manner by working together with many companies traffic collision fatalities by 2050. In order to offer the “joy and freedom of mobility” to people and organizations, transcending the boundaries of individual around the world in a sustainable manner, we believe it is companies and industries. 2025 Initial forecast of EV 2030 sales volume trend important to pursue the creation of mobility products and services Total automobile sales volume Growth Strategy in Light of Current Business 3.6million EV that have no negative impact on people and society. Based on this units EV sales ratio will belief, Honda has been sincerely facing and striving to address the Environment falll below 30% two major societal challenges—environment and safety—as a Turning to the current situation, the future outlook for the HEV HEV sales volume 2.2 million responsibility of mobility companies. automobile business is becoming increasingly uncertain due to For example, regarding environmental responsibility, Honda factors such as a slowdown in the momentum of the electric units not only developed the CVCC engine—the world’s first engine to vehicle (EV) market caused mainly by changes in environmental comply with standards set forth in the 1970 U.S. Clean Air Act (the regulations and changes in trade policy trends.