ICE Muskie Act), which were considered the most stringent emissions Given the present circumstances, as announced at the 2025 regulations of the time—but also offered our CVCC technology to Honda Business Briefing held in May 2025, we decided to realign other automakers, making a significant contribution to reducing our automobile electrification strategy. We are capable of rearranging multiple solutions and air pollution caused by motorization. In light of the prediction that the full-scale popularization of realigning our strategy quickly and flexibly because we had taken Regarding responsibility for safety, even before the public EVs will take time, we will position our highly competitive HEVs at a forward-looking approach to fundamental research and Honda Report 2025 3 Priority Issues and Financial and Value Creation Story Materiality Business Strategies Efforts Toward the Future Digital Strategies Governance Related Data CEO Message technology development and developed core technologies mobility products wearing the Honda brand go across all areas of on the challenge to compete in the world’s most prestigious in-house for ICE, HEV, BEV and FCEV models. mobility and all people enjoy the freedom of mobility. In June of motorcycle race at the time to prove out the true technological By staying ahead of changes and placing importance on our this year, we announced the successful completion of a launch strength of Honda, we will make our return to the FIA Formula fundamental research and technological development, we have and landing test of a Honda rocket. It is still in the fundamental One (F1) World Championship. Even in this era of electrification, built a resilient business structure which will enable Honda to research phase, but we will continue working on it while believing we hold fast to our desire for Honda power units to be number address changes happening in our business environment and in “The Power of Dreams” in order to expand the lineup of our one in the world. With this passion in our hearts, we will push the make timely management decisions. That is one of the strengths future mobility products. limits of technology toward carbon neutrality and, through of Honda. As mentioned earlier, driven by the power we have gained victories, share inspirational experiences with many Honda and from a wide range of dreams, Honda has continuously taken on motorsports fans around the world. Please keep your Toward the Realization of Our Dreams challenges and overcome seemingly impossible obstacles. This expectations high for the challenges Honda takes on in the With our mobility products and services, Honda will strive to offer Honda DNA, inherited from our company founder, continues to be coming years. the “joy and freedom of mobility” to all people in a sustainable passed down vibrantly to each and every one of us at Honda, even manner, and we will play a leading role in making our society a today. While addressing the two major societal challenges of the better place by further advancing mobility products and services. environment and safety, as a comprehensive mobility company, We believe this is our “reason to exist” as a comprehensive Honda wants to offer a broad range of mobility products and mobility company.