services that offer the value of enabling people to “transcend Honda is currently delivering various products and services to various constraints such as time and space,” and “augment their 28 million customers a year, and we envision that our products abilities and possibilities.” We may face a number of difficulties in and services that create and offer the joy and freedom of mobility the process of pursuing our desire. However, Honda will continue to people will continue to advance beyond our current taking on challenges while keeping strong faith in the power of motorcycles, automobiles, power products and aircraft, as our dreams, maintaining our unwavering passion, working people’s desire to go places and the range of activities expand in together with those who are inspired by our dreams and fully the future. Honda wants to lead such advancement of mobility not demonstrating our original ideas and technologies. only for mobility on land, but in the ocean, in the skies, and even Starting next year, another activity driven by the power of our in outer space. My dream is to realize a world where all types of dreams will begin once again. As our founder Soichiro Honda took Honda Report 2025 4 Priority Issues and Financial and Value Creation Story Materiality Business Strategies Efforts Toward the Future Digital Strategies Governance Related Data Value Creation Process OUTCOME See p. 8 OUTPUT Creating New Value p. 11 Realization of the Mobility Honda Dreams Advancement of Human Capital Management of with Creativity as the Key Focus Areas Automobiles Carbon Neutrality See p. 44 by 2050 Electrification and Intelligence of Mobility p. 19 Realizing a Zero Environmental Impact Society INPUT Power Products Sources of Value Creation by Numbers Zero Traffic Collision Fatalities See p. 7 Motorcycles See p. 52 by 2050 See p. 37 p. 25 Realizing a Zero Traffic Collision Society Intellectual Capital Intelligence Social and Relationship Capital Honda’s Vision Recognition of Human the External Create Transcend Augment We create the joy Environment Capital Natural Dreams To realize To enable people to transcend To augment and freedom of mobility through creativity the various constraints of time and place people’s possibilities Capital and become the power Manufacturing that supports individuals Original Resource Aircraft who start moving toward their dreams Capital technologies Circulation Financial and ideas Capital Energy Management Honda System Philosophy Carbon Neutrality Acquisition of Core Technologies See p. 6 of Power Units p. 29 Creating Innovative Technologies Driven by the power of each individual’s dreams Establishment of a Brand That Inspires Empathy and Resonance Efforts Toward p. 32 Brand Value Enhancement the Future See p. 56 Honda Report 2025 5 Priority Issues and Financial and Value Creation Story Materiality Business Strategies Efforts Toward the Future Digital Strategies Governance Related Data Honda Philosophy Initiative Initiative The Joy of The Joy of Buying Buying Respect for the The Three Joys Respect Respect Individual for the for the Individual The Three The Three Individual Joys Joys Equality Equality TrustTrust The Joy of The Joy ofThe Joy ofThe Joy of Selling Creating Selling Creating Fundamental Beliefs Initiative : Initiative means not to be bound by preconceived ideas, but to think The Joy of Buying : The joy of buying is achieved through providing products and creatively and act on your own initiative and judgment, while understanding services that exceed the needs and expectations of each that you must take responsibility for the results of those actions.