Future Honda Vision Driven by our dreams, Honda is striving to further advance mobility products and services with our original technologies and ideas. By doing so, Honda aspires to be a comprehensive mobility Believing in our “power of dreams,” we will company which will play a leading role in society which will only create the joy and freedom of mobility by be better in the future. Since people have expanded their living areas through taking on the challenge of advancing mobility mobility, and the desire to “go to places farther, faster and more with our original technologies and ideas. freely” is a fundamental desire of all people, we believe mobility is an essential element of our society. That is why we are striving to be a company that continues to advance mobility products and Director, services with our own technologies and ideas. President and Representative Executive Officer In 2023, we redefined our Global Brand Slogan—The Power of Chief Executive Officer Dreams. While embracing our own dreams as the starting point, Honda will create the essential value of mobility: enabling people Toshihiro Mibe to “transcend” constraints and “augment” possibilities. Then, such mobility products and services Honda creates will become the driving force for people who are taking steps toward their own dreams. Furthermore, the power of dreams of such people who its entry in the Isle of Man TT Races, which was the world’s most took steps forward will spread and create new connections, Unwavering Passion Since Our Founding prestigious motorcycle race at the time. Despite the initial shock of resulting in an expanse of dreams throughout society. As a result Since its founding, Honda has always been a company that is realizing how far behind its racing technology was compared to of such a ripple effect, we want to make society a better place. driven by its own dreams and continues to grow by taking on the rest of the world, Honda never gave up and continued to take That is our desire represented by our brand slogan. challenges that others deemed impossible, while cherishing its on challenges. Then, in third year, Honda finally won the race unwavering passion, original technologies and ideas. outright and took the top five spots in both the 125 cc and 250 cc Honda Commitment to Creating Original Shortly after World War II, when bicycles were the primary classes and proved to be number one in the world. Technologies means of transportation for people in Japan, our founder, Soichiro What we have learned from this story from the founding Various companies and stakeholders have told me: “Honda is a Honda, commercialized auxiliary engines to power bicycles, with period is the importance of having dreams and working company that takes pride in its original technology.” Indeed, since the desire to use technology to help people. Initially, he used relentlessly to make them a reality. In other words, if we believe in its founding, Honda has a strong commitment to creating value generator engines that had been designed to power wireless our dreams and keep working hard, nothing is impossible.