Equality : Equality means to recognize and respect individual differences in one The Joy of Selling : The joy of selling occurs when those who are engaged in selling another and treat each other fairly. Our company is committed to this and servicing Honda products develop relationships with a principle and to creating equal opportunities for each individual. An customer based on mutual trust. Through this relationship, Honda individual’s race, sex, age, religion, national origin, educational background, associates, dealers and distributors experience pride and joy in and social or economic status have no bearing on the individual’s satisfying the customer and in representing Honda to the opportunities. Trust : The relationship among associates at Honda should be based on mutual The Joy of Creating : The joy of creating occurs when Honda associates and suppliers trust. Trust is created by recognizing each other as individuals, helping out involved in the design, development, engineering and where others are deficient, accepting help where we are deficient, sharing manufacturing of Honda products recognize a sense of joy in our our knowledge, and making a sincere effort to fulfill our responsibilities. customers and dealers. The joy of creating occurs when quality products exceed expectations and we experience pride in a job well done. Company Maintaining a global viewpoint, we are dedicated to supplying products of the Principle highest quality yet at a reasonable price for worldwide customer satisfaction. ■ Proceed always with ambition and youthfulness. ■ Enjoy your work and encourage open communications. Management ■ Respect sound theory, develop fresh ideas and make the most ■ Strive constantly for a harmonious flow of work. Policies effective use of time. ■ Be ever mindful of the value of research and endeavor. Honda Report 2025 6 Priority Issues and Financial and Value Creation Story Materiality Business Strategies Efforts Toward the Future Digital Strategies Governance Related Data Sources of Value Creation by Numbers Financial Capital Human Capital Manufacturing Capital Intellectual Capital Natural Capital Social and A strong financial base that Support for individual and Evolution of production system Enhancing the technological Reduction of environmental Relationship Capital allows us to invest resources for organizational growth that leads to achieve high product appeal innovation capability to create impact for coexistence and Deepen and expand transformation to value creation compelling products and services co-prosperity with nature relationships of trust and cooperation with stakeholders Net cash (excluding financial services) Number of associates Number of product assembly sites R&D expenses Energy input Number of group companies 3.2 tn YEN Consolidated 75 sites 1,210.6 bn YEN Direct 357companies (At end of FYE Mar. 31, 2025) 194,173 associates (At end of FYE Mar. 31, 2025) (FYE Mar. 31, 2025 results) 18,300TJ (including 284 consolidated subsidiaries and 73 affiliates accounted for under Non-consolidated Indirect the equity method) Total capital (At end of FYE Mar. 31, 2025) 12.6 tn YEN 32,088 associates Capital investment*2 Number of domestic and overseas patents*3 22,100TJ (At end of FYE Mar. 31, 2025) (Number of associates at end of FYE Mar.