Honda Report 2025 What drives your dreams? Contents Key Points of Honda Report Value Creation Story Governance CEO Message 2 Corporate Governance 69 Value Creation Story Since its founding, Honda has been driven by its own ÔÇťdreams,ÔÇŁ Value Creation Process 5 CPO Message 80 valuing unending passion, innovative technology, and ideas. It Honda Philosophy 6 Compliance 81 has continued to grow by boldly taking on challenges that everyone else may think impossible and persevering through Sources of Value Creation by Numbers  7 Risk Management 83 relentless effort. Its corporate philosophy remains unchanged today, aiming to sustainably deliver the ÔÇťjoy and freedom of Outside Directors Roundtable 87 mobilityÔÇŁ worldwide as a comprehensive mobility company. Priority Issues and Materiality Priority Issues and Materiality Related Data Based on our vision and the value we provide, as well as changes in the surrounding environment, we set our priority issues and Concept for Forming Management Indicators 8 materiality requiring particular focus going forward, along with associated medium- to long-term goals on a five-year cycle. We Advancement of Human Capital Management 11 10-Year Summary 91 also regularly monitor the progress of goals and their associated initiatives on an annual basis, ensuring steady execution. Realizing a Zero Environmental Impact Society 19 Company Overview 92 Realizing a Zero Traffic Collision Society 25 Editorial Policy 93 Business Strategies Creating Innovative Technologies 29 Honda History 94 Honda operates diverse businesses including motorcycles, Brand Value Enhancement 32 automobiles, and power products. While flexibly and swiftly responding to changes in the external environment, such as environmental regulations and trade policies in various countries, we are formulating growth strategies leveraging strengths unique to Honda and working as one from Business Strategies management to the front lines. Motorcycle Business Strategy 37 Efforts Toward the Future Automobile Business Strategy 44 As a comprehensive mobility company, Honda will continue to take on challenges to deliver the values of ÔÇťenabling people to Power Products Business Strategy 52 transcend constraints of time and spaceÔÇŁ and ÔÇťaugmenting their abilities and possibilities.ÔÇŁ Financial and Digital Strategies Efforts Toward the Future Honda will strive to enhance corporate value by focusing on strategic resource allocation over the medium to long term, strengthening management with an awareness of capital costs, Taking on the Challenge of Creating the Future 56 and improving management quality and transparency through New Efforts to Connect Carbon Neutrality proactive dialogue. We will also strengthen our global initiatives in the digital to Economic Value 59 domain to accelerate our corporate transformation. Financial and Digital Strategies Governance Honda strives to enhance the trust of all stakeholders and achieve sustainable growth and increased corporate value Financial Strategy 62 through prompt, decisive, and risk-conscious decision-making. To remain a company that the world values and looks to with Digital Strategy 67 expectations, we are committed to strengthening our governance. Honda Report 2025 1 Priority Issues and Financial and Value Creation Story Materiality Business Strategies Efforts Toward the Future Digital Strategies Governance Related Data CEO Message anything else for us to continue to be a company society wants to exist into the future.